Previously on will Trent...
Unfortunately. this dark
area right next to it is a tumor.
- What should I do?
- Well. get it out as soon as possible.
Faith? I need... hey.
Okay. I'm here. I'm here.
Sending an ambulance now.
How bad is it?
Her doctor says the
next 48 hours are critical.
You are my family. so
you need to wake up.
You remember juice's
defense attorney. James ulster.
Are you my father?
What kind of a father would
throw his own son into the garbage?
James ulster. I'm arresting
you for the murders
of Donna Mary halston and
my mother. Lucy morales.
Sheriff Caleb roussard.
I'm special agent will Trent.
Sheriff Caleb roussard is your father.
You know how I said I grew up
in a group home? Will was there.
- Will. I'm pregnant.
- You're gonna be a mom. ang.
- A great one.
- Thanks for being here.
- Of course.
- Angie? Hey.
- She's okay.
- Okay.
- And you're okay?
- I'm okay.
How are you doing?
Great. I am great.
Great. That's great.
Yes.
- Can I ask you a question. Dr. Roach?
- Yes.
What does pickleball
have to do with therapy?
Can't we just do this in a nice.
air-conditioned office like always?
Well. we're keeping your body
busy so your brain is focused
on returning the shot rather
than repressing your feelings.
Won't work. I can repress my
feelings under any circumstances.
How's Angie?
- Still pregnant.
- How do you feel about that?
- A little lost.
- Keep talking.
We've only had each
other for our entire lives.
Now she's moved on to a very
successful. emotionally secure doctor.
and I couldn't be happier about it.
- Really?
- Yes.
Because it would be
perfectly understandable
for you to have some
mixed feelings about that.
- I do not.
- I mean. if you weren't so scared...
I'm fine! I said I'm fine!
I'm so fine that I'm great!
Nice.
I apologize for losing my temper.
Don't apologize. Keep it
coming. I'm not scared of you.
I've seen the damage a man's
temper can do in this world.
and I really try not to go there.
Should we ask the pickleball
how you're doing with that
'cause it's all the way in macon?
It's normal for a lot of emotion to
come up when you start therapy.
We talked a lot about your
childhood and the abuse you suffered.
Anger is an appropriate response.
but it doesn't like to be ignored.
So if you're mad. be mad.
Can we please just change the subject?
All right.
So. you're going to Caleb's tonight?
Yeah. I don't know.
His family is loud.
Yeah. some families are loud.
Yeah. and they over salt their food.
- Not the sodium.
- Yeah. and they have an enormous dog.
It's a great Dane. It's like a small horse.
I mean. why does anybody
need a dog that big?
What are they compensating for?
Maybe you're looking for
reasons for this not to work
because you don't feel worthy of a family.
You make me out to be a
rather sad man. Dr. Roach.
I'm just saying you have
been surviving on crumbs
and now you have the whole cake.
Yes. but it is a carrot cake with raisins.
And then he comes into the living room
while I'm hanging out with a
friend. and he goes... "New rule.
the soy sauce no longer
needs to be refrigerated.
From now on. it resides in the pantry."
In the pantry?
I know.
And I'm like. "okay. do we need to
have a meeting about the ketchup?"
The man has rules for
his kitchen. I respect that.
This is the best chicken
I've ever had. Mrs. Roussard.
Aw. Nico. you're welcome back anytime.
Here. Have some more.
Pass me the salt.
Do you know sharks don't have
any bones? They only have cartilage.
Really?
Did you know shark's eyeballs
are as big as five human eyeballs?
You know. I was just thinking this
morning I don't know anything about sharks.
How about we go look at your book and
you can bring me up to speed on sharks?
Okay.
Pass me the green beans. please.
Now. Reed. beluga caviar is the best.
However. it has been
banned in the United States
due to the endangered
status of the beluga sturgeon.
I like those black truffles we did last time.
Our little. foodie club has been
a highlight of my prison journey.
We sure those fish eggs travel okay?
Yes. Yes. Lights out. everyone.
Okay. Reed. Now. normally
I serve this on a blini.
- which is like a little crepe.
- What's a crepe?
It's like a little pancake.
But today we must improvise.
so we are using potato chips.
Now. close your eyes. Yeah.
All right.
Now... Now feel the texture?
It's like little fishy boba
bubbles only smaller.
Fair. Fair.
Okay. don't worry. Jerry. I
haven't forgotten about you.
I'm going to make you the perfect bite.
Health care in this
country is so messed up.
Why won't this damn TV come on?
Hey. Franklin. you need to calm down.
Ormewood is fighting for his life here.
Running out of time. Franklin.
These could be his final moments.
Ooh. it came.
You look so stupid. I
really can't get over it.
It's for Cooper. so I don't look sick.
It's working. Still got his eyelashes.
Okay - come on. man.
There it is.
It's in Spanish?
Ormewood. this isn't Spanish.
You don't understand this?
Did they leave a little tumor in there still?
I left a little tumor in your mom.
Okay. close your eyes.
Now describe what you taste.
It's kind of subtle. but it's also rich.
I might even use the word buttery.
I actually like the taste of the potato chip.
The brightness of the salt
really helps the entire experience.
Hey!
It's too late to turn back now. my boy.
I love this green.
I mean. look at it. It's fresh. It's
welcoming. It feels like spring.
I mean. it's... it's...
You know. it's... It's jubilant.
- Jubilant.
- Yeah.
Show me the orange one. bigger.
Okay. bossy.
Uncle will.
Yes. Calvin?
Don't tell anybody. but
sometimes when I'm in the bathtub.
I get scared a shark is gonna get me.
Calvin. I promise you. sharks
cannot get you on dry land. okay?
James ulster has a big head start.
What do we know
about this kid he's with?
Reed hobbs. Single homicide.
Only family he has is his grandmother.
What's Caleb doing here?
Any new information that
comes in comes straight to me
so we can adjust the
perimeter. Okay? Go.
What's all this?
- I'm running point on the prison break.
- No. you're not.
Prison's in Bradford
county. That's my jurisdiction.
Gbi wants me to lead
up the marshals and gdc.
That's absurd.
Will. this is a manhunt. not a
murder that needs to be solved.
You think I don't know
what this man means to you?
I'll find them.
- Deputy director apple yard...
- acting deputy director.
Why are we taking a back seat to
the Bradford county sheriff's office?
Agent Trent. you're
gonna lower your voice.
- All due respect. but also not really.
- Will.
I think you don't want us
involved in case this goes south
because you don't wanna look bad
because what you really
want is that deputy director job.
- Will!
- I already have the job. agent Trent.
Temporarily.
Giving this to Caleb was my idea.
Amanda.
Should you be here?
Probably not.
But I came to give bill
my opinion on this case.
So. are you telling me you got out of
bed and hobbled over here with your cane
to put me on the bench?
Yes. I did. You're too close to this. will.
Okay. Well then. I guess. you
know. I'll just go take a bubble bath
and wait for James ulster
to kill somebody else.
Okay. Let's go.
This behavior is proving my point!
It's insane that you would
take me off this case.
I know ulster better than
any of you or sheriff roussard.
This man killed my
mother and left me to die.
So on behalf of the state of Georgia.
I would just like to say thank you both
- for your terrible judgment.
- My god. Will. come on.
Go.
I consider this a complete and total
undermining of me by Amanda Wagner.
Let the marshals do the
roadblocks and watch the busses.
We can still investigate.
Wait. was this always here?
- You can't knock?
- I got a project for you.
Ormewood. why are you
in this tiny dark closet?
This is my office. okay? They
gave me this new computer job.
and I can't do it unless
I have peace and quiet.
- What do you need?
- It's ulster.
We need to figure out where he's going.
I thought you guys
got thrown off that case.
- How'd you know that?
- It's on the whatsapp chain.
We're working the case on the
dl. which is why we're using you.
We know that ulster is well
connected and charming.
It's possible that he's
using people to help him.
and we want to know who.
Morning. Snack time.
It's not vending machine hours. Franklin.
You made that up. ormy. No such thing.
No. you don't fit inside of
here. okay? Absolutely not.
Discrimination.
Will. hi.
You think four armed officers stationed
at my place is a little excessive?
No. I do not.
James ulster abducted
you from my home last time.
so it makes perfect sense
to give you protection.
I can also come over and sleep
on the couch if that's better for you.
No? Then four armed guards it is.
So. what are we all doing in here?
It's 'cause you got kicked
off the ulster manhunt.
- I saw it on the whatsapp.
- Yeah.
What's everyone talking
about? What is this?
Apd-gbi gossip.
It's a group chat everyone's on.
You're not on it?
- Are you on it?
- Yes.
- Okay. I feel like yelling again.
- Okay.
Ormewood. can you just pull all of James
ulster's clients as far back as you can?
Yes. and also pull all of his
visitor logs from the prison.
Same goes for Reed hobbs.
I know how to do that now.
That's gonna be a long list.
What are you gonna do with it?
We're gonna cold call.
and it's gonna suck.
James ulster.
He defended you on a money
laundering charge back in 2006.
As you probably know.
he escaped from prison.
We saw that he defended
you on a dui ten years ago.
No. ma'am. I can assure
you this is not a scam.
Several duis?
I see that now. Quite a few.
I'm not a robot.
Okay. can you let us
know if you hear from him?
And maybe consider a
12-step program too. Good night.
Do I sound like a robot?
- Pizza?
- No.
You know. I hate that window.
It kind of sounds like
you need some pizza.
Seriously. do I sound like a robot?
Okay. Sometimes.
when you're not screaming like a
lunatic at the guy who signs your checks.
I don't care. That guy's an asshole.
Who? Appleyard?
Yeah. I prefer Amanda
and she's terrifying.
Wait. what are you still
doing here? It's 3:00 A.M.
Well. Gina has the kids and I'm
trying not to feel like a useless turd.
Well. you came to the wrong place.
This is useless turd headquarters.
What is that? No more names.
Ooh. do the elevator thing.
Hey. good work today. Mitchell.
I'll see you at home. okay?
Mitchell. just come in here.
And yes. these are more names.
and I would start with this one.
Sal more no.
Ulster got him off a rape
charge involving his babysitter.
but they kept in touch over the years.
What makes this guy so special?
Because this guy owns a steak
house inside the roadblocks.
Let me see that.
Feeling better. Reed?
Protein. It's good for you.
Special agent will Trent.
I knew it. See?
Good guess. Hello. James.
No. it wasn't a guess. I...
I knew you'd figure it out just
a little faster than I'd hoped.
but I'm proud of you.
I know you found your
shiny. new biological father.
I need a location on
the following number.
You'll always be my boy.
You sound. threatened.
Maybe a little jealous.
Why don't you come on in?
We can discuss it in person.
No. no. no. no. no can do.
You would not believe the day I'm having.
I need a drive-by wellness check on
a sal more no. Last known address...
A bit of a mess here.
You didn't hurt anyone. did you. James?
No. it wasn't me.
Not to throw anyone under the bus. but...
when you choose your family in prison.
it is slim pickings...
even though... I'm very fond of my Reed.
Did Reed kill somebody?
He's just a kid full of passion.
vibrance. When did we lose that?
Anyway. Glad to reconnect.
Same. You know. I miss you too.
How about we stay on the
phone and have a proper catch-up?
- It's been a while.
- No.
Gotta go. Gotta go.
And. will. I just want my freedom.
I'm not coming after you.
It would be so great if
you could return the favor.
No can do.
So be it. Catch me if you can.
- Okay. avocado toast...
- Aw.
When you're ready for it.
Well. you and Eleanor.
No. no Eleanor. I had an Eleanor.
Ex-boyfriend set her on fire.
All right. well. strike Eleanor then.
Yeah. but thank you for breakfast.
- I appreciate it...
- Yep.
As does Lola.
I had a Lola.
Died in a motorcycle accident on i-85.
She didn't have any skin left.
- Search continues.
- The search continues.
Don't worry. we will find it. I love you.
What is this? What am I looking at?
- You're looking at a box.
- What's in the box?
- You will find a ring in the box.
- Are you insane?
- Why are you... stop yelling at me.
- Like. why...
I am trying to ask you
to marry me right now.
You make me laugh.
You're the bravest woman I've ever met.
You make me feel more
alive than I have in years.
But most importantly. you're super hot.
- Holy cow. Jeez.
- You like it?
Yeah. but I can't wear that at work.
I know. That's why I got
you this super boring backup.
That's really pretty too.
- Is that a yes?
- You got me two rings. That is so...
Ang. I'm dying over here.
- Yeah. Yes. yes.
- Yeah?
Yes.
The marshals are less
than five minutes away.
That thing you do. you better do it fast.
He was looking for something.
He didn't find it.
How you breathe in this suit?
No wonder you're so uptight.
Where did you get this.
Ross repressed for less?
Someone entered.
He startled Reed. He was armed.
Reed took his gun.
How's it going with daddy?
By the way. I'd love to meet him.
I'm sure you would.
He is a bit of a cliche though. right?
I mean. the cowboy hat. the boots.
You murdered sex workers
and sewed their mouths shut.
I think I can live with his cowboy hat.
Yeah. I did. I did do that.
but I used to bring my reusable cup
to Starbucks. so let god be the judge.
Get out of my head. James.
After killing one patron.
he decided to kill 'em all.
In for a penny.
My point is. he's not like you and me.
There is no you and me.
Guys. are we doing this or what?
Yes. Fine. Go ahead.
- What's in that. sal?
- He questioned the owner.
I don't know. I don't know
what you're talking about.
Oof.
Cold-blooded.
Where were you during all this. James?
Reed hobbs was a 16-year-old
when he held up a gas station.
The clerk pulled the
gun and Reed shot him.
Killers gonna kill.
Sure.
Unless he was just a kid
who made a terrible mistake.
I think when I send this back to the lab.
this tissue is gonna test high for
saline and match Reed hobbs's DNA.
It was you.
I didn't think it was because
you like to savor your kills.
But I guess you were frustrated
things weren't going according to plan.
You were looking for something.
- My god.
- Don't. Wait.
You didn't find it.
No. please. No.
You killed everyone in that restaurant
while poor Reed cried by the
table waiting for it to be over.
But you brought him a soft drink.
thought that'd make him feel
better about the room full of corpses.
Okay. you got me.
But what I find interesting
is that I'm still wearing... The suit.
which makes me think you're
living vicariously through me.
Shut up. James.
Just throwing it out
there. You got some anger.
I wish you could do something about it.
Have you ever considered
murdering sex workers?
You don't know me.
You actually think that
suit is fooling anyone?
I said shut it.
You think people can't tell what you are?
You're a monster and I'd put
the needle in you myself if I could.
You're just a scared. abused
little boy who can't read.
Get out of my head!
Will!
You okay?
It was ulster who killed
all these people. not Reed.
He was looking for something.
Yeah. it was probably this.
It's ten grand and two fake
passports for ulster and Reed.
A courier just dropped it off.
- Well. he was a little late.
- He was a little high.
An anonymous client
hired him to put the package
behind the paper towel
dispenser in the men's room.
Passports means he was
trying to get out of the country.
but now he's scrambling.
There should be six
cars out in that parking lot.
They're only four.
They split up. Is Caleb here yet?
- No.
- Good.
Reed hobbs is scared.
I think he didn't know how
violent ulster would get.
Maybe he's gone to
see someone familiar.
His grandma.
What else are you craving?
Just. like. olives and salty things.
You know what though. my
egg allergy just disappeared.
- Shut up. For real?
- Yeah.
Guys. I found something
and it's magnificent!
I'd like you to meet...
Janice-Theresa weggle.
Polaski. get that Chinese
food out of here. I'm gonna hurl.
- Today's my nauseous day. Please.
- Okay. okay. okay.
So. why do I care about a Janice?
Janice-Theresa. There's a hyphen.
And I will let her tell you the rest.
Hey. y'all. Come get ready with
me to visit my fiance in prison.
Okay. I want to start
with a modest top. right?
- And... yep.
- Girl.
And then. I like to complete
my look with a big bold red lip.
Just like this. y'all. Because
my fiance is a lip man.
Lips and nails...
lips and nails. that's what he's into.
And so. it's important for me to look nice.
I'd give him my life if I could.
- I just...
- Okay. here it comes.
I cannot wait to be Mrs. James ulster.
- Yes!
- No way. Girl... Come on.
- Let's get her.
- Let's go.
- And I like to be hot and sweaty.
- - Well done.
Is this lady ever gonna show up?
Maybe she's already in The
Bahamas waiting for her man to arrive.
What possesses someone
to want to marry a serial killer?
Desperation. loneliness.
Real romantic. Franklin.
How about an unwavering belief in love?
Who are you?
I don't know. man.
Ever since I got sick. I've been moved
by people and their stupid feelings.
She wanted a connection. It
was the best option she could find.
Are you okay?
My nauseous day is also
sometimes my emotional day.
I probably shouldn't have come here.
I'm gonna close my eyes for a few
seconds. Tell me when she shows up. yeah?
- Noted.
- Okay.
Angela Agnes Bernadette
Polaski. are you engaged?
Speaking of an unwavering
belief in love. let me see the ring.
- Congrats. Polaski. You bagged a doctor?
-!
- Yeah.
- Ooh!
Make sure you tell him to invite all of
his gay doctor friends to the wedding.
Look at all these diamonds.
I know. it's kind of a lot. right?
Well. like. he gave me another
one. but I kinda like this one.
No. no. no. Hey. no. No. Do
not put that on the whatsapp.
- Come on. this is breaking news!
- No!
Will doesn't know yet?
- Not yet.
- Man. He's gonna be crushed.
- Can I tell him?
- Absolutely not.
You feeling a little conflicted. preggy?
No. just...
All right. stakeout rules apply?
Nothing leaves this car.
Car is sacred.
Okay.
God. I love Seth. He's...
He's so good to me.
You know. when he looks at me.
I don't see all the mistakes
I made looking back.
But sometimes I think
about the universe where...
It's will.
I don't know what that means.
and I feel really guilty about it.
'Cause you're beating
yourself up for being human.
Look. there's Janice-Theresa.
- Hey.
- Where?
God. Look at this lady.
Yeah. look at her. Polaski.
She's engaged to a serial killer.
Do you think that she's
beating herself up?
She is not.
She just goes to kroger.
buys a low-fat cottage cheese.
her chardonnay and her modest
tops. And goes about her life.
Whoa!
- You just hit my mailbox!
- That was on purpose.
- Screw that mailbox. Hey. bitch.
- Wait. do they know each other?
- What?
- You've been lying.
- I don't know you.
- You don't have to know me.
- I don't know you!
- Don't you throw that at me!
- She threw her with that.
- I don't know you!
- You're gonna know me...
- Bread.
'Cause you're a liar.
- Come on. Let's go.
- No. no. Hold on. It's getting good.
- Come on.
- My god.
- Girl. she can run.
Okay. I feel like we should call it.
Just wanna see how
it play out. Come on.
Not the car!
You are not his fiancee! I am!
He's mine!
Two fiances. One
serial killer. two fiancees.
- Get off!
- I love my job.
- No.
- No. wait. wait.
You get off! I don't know you.
Nice reversal!
Way to come back. All right.
No. You!
All right.
She got that slam. look at that.
Get off me!
Yeah. Apd.
Nurses say she sleeps for 23 hours
a day. hadn't been verbal for weeks.
They're just waiting for her to let go.
And she hadn't had any visitors.
Well. someone brought
her those chocolates.
Freeze! Gbi!
Reed hobbs. stop!
I can't breathe.
Reed. stop!
Reed. Reed.
Listen. I just... Okay. easy. easy.
I just wanna talk. okay?
- I don't wanna hurt anyone.
- I know that.
You just wanted to see your
grandmother... One last time
to say goodbye.
Isn't that right?
Look. I know what
happened at the restaurant.
I know James ulster
killed all those people.
I think you wanted no part of it.
He loves me.
I know he does. But
he's dangerous. okay?
And he's gonna get you
killed. Reed. I know him.
Let me help you. please.
You're will. right?
He said you're his son too.
Yes.
You know what that makes us?
- We're brothers?
- That's right.
You can trust me. Reed. okay?
Let's put down the gun.
Let's just talk a little. okay?
Tell me what his plan is.
So we can stop him
from hurting anybody else.
I don't wanna do this anymore.
No.
What the hell did you just do?
- What the hell happened here?
- A lot of big feelings.
What happened is. he
just shot our best lead.
No. I took out an escaped murderer
that had a gun pointed at you.
You're not even
supposed to be here. Trent.
Thanks to sheriff
roussard. our job's half done.
He had a gun pointed on you?
He was lowering it. We were talking.
He could have helped us find ulster.
I don't care! Okay?
You don't know that kid!
Could've changed his
mind blowing your head off!
- I have zero regrets!
- Really?
You know. every life
I've taken weighs on me.
It's so nice that you can sleep at night.
This isn't your case. will!
One of the dead guards'
credit cards pinged
at a car rental agency in Savannah.
Probably ulster. I'm gonna go look into it.
All right. I'll handle the media.
Go back to the office. will.
Look at him. Can't wait to get
his face in front of a camera.
- Are you okay? Okay. okay.
- Yeah.
I just need to sit.
Okay. All right. easy now.
Great. This is just what I need.
It's bill apple yard watching
me collapse in the street.
Okay. so. what are we
gonna do about this jackass?
Should we kill him?
Guys like that can't be
killed. They just get promoted.
How's will doin'? Really.
I think if we don't catch this guy.
then he's gonna go off the deep end.
And it's not helping
that he's not on the case.
I know.
I just can't lose him.
But James. he would
write me these letters.
I mean. long. long letters that
were full of the most romantic things.
I mean. one time...
He told me he wished my
eyes were swimming pools so...
So he could just. boop.
take a dip in my eyes.
Isn't that the most romantic
thing you've ever heard? I know.
I can see how that
would bowl a person over.
Do you have any idea
where he might be going?
He says his last thought before
he drifts off is the smell of my hair.
He's never even smelled my hair before.
It's just the thought
of the smell of my hair.
It just holds him in a spell.
He has killed ten people
in the last 48 hours.
Aw. I hope he's okay.
I'm sure he had his reasons.
We know that a courier made
a drop of cash and passports.
Was that you or was that Lisa?
You really think that piece of
trash could come up with ten grand?
Okay. so that was you.
I didn't say that. Did I say that?
Okay.
I've had enough. You wanna hear
what your fiance has been telling Lisa?
He says his last thought
before he drifts off is
the smell of my hair.
But...
But that was our thing.
That was our thing.
It's just the thought
of the smell of my hair.
It just holds him in a spell.
That two-timing... Asshole.
I love him. but that was my thing.
He's never even smelled her hair.
Well. ours is pissed
and she lawyered up.
Mine's uncontrollably weeping.
Let me take a run at weepy.
- What are you gonna do?
- Don't worry about it.
Thank you.
October 14th. 2017.
What?
It was a Saturday.
Ruth's Chris steak house.
I was waiting on my boyfriend. jerod.
We were eight months
in. and I was in love.
But then my buddy Charles
texted me a bombshell
that jerod was married
to a woman with two kids.
- In marietta.
- Really?
Men are pigs.
I know.
So I see you. Janice-Theresa.
and I want you to know
that you are not alone.
We're all Janice-Theresa weggle.
So let me tell you something as
one Janice-Theresa to another.
This is not the end of your story.
Yeah. it is.
This is where your story begins.
No. It is not. I don't
think I'll ever love again.
Yes. you will.
You're gonna come back from this.
You're gonna rise from the ashes.
In fact. I'm gonna call you
Janice-Theresa-Phoenix.
I don't know. That's a lot of hyphens.
You are worth it. Janice
hyphen Theresa hyphen Phoenix.
She's eating out of the palm of his hand.
- Is this story true?
- Who cares?
Hey. Now look. there's only one thing
standing between you and the
sweet revenge of a happy life.
- What?
- You're in a bit of trouble now.
- No.
- You have aided and abetted a known felon
who is racking up quite a body count.
Are they gonna... Are they
gonna give me the chair?
We're gonna do everything
in our power to avoid that.
but I need you to be honest
with me so I can save your life.
Yeah. yeah.
Now. ulster's had. like. two fiancees.
Is it possible that maybe there's a third?
- Maybe even a fourth?
- No. No!
No. it's not possible. It's just... it's...
Well. there was Jackie.
but they ended things
about a year ago. so...
Who's Jackie?
My sister.
I'm gonna need an address. jtp.
Jackie weggle. Two
gunshot wounds to the chest.
Pete thinks it was less
than two hours ago.
Why would he do this?
Well. her car is missing. so...
You're not acting like
you got kicked off the case.
Yeah. well... I had to see.
Now he's killing the
women who helped him.
He's never gonna stop.
Will. you can sit this out.
We got this. You didn't create this guy.
No.
But he created me.
He put me in that trash can. He...
This man dictated my whole
life from the moment I was born.
I have to end this.
So you're torturing yourself.
A little bit.
He's... he's in my head.
He beating the crap out of you in there?
Yeah.
By the way. congratulations.
What?
I saw the ring.
Happy for you. ang.
We have full surveillance
on the rental car agency.
Ulster hasn't shown up.
We have flock cameras checking
for Jackie weggle's Chevy Malibu.
We think that's what he's driving now.
I have all my men watching the agency.
and the moment James
ulster shows up. we'll have him.
Unknown number calling.
Trent.
Did you know sharks can hear
their prey from 3.000 feet away?
What did you do?
Nothing yet. but if I have
to hear another shark fact...
If you hurt that boy. James...
no. will. you are not in charge this time.
I am.
He took my son.
I'm taking his.
Tell me where to meet you.
Hello. will.
You can stop right there.
Uncle will. we've been waiting for you.
You can put yours... Right here.
Hey. Calvin. I got a new one for you.
Did you know that sharks can't
get cavities? Isn't that crazy?
Lucky sharks. No dentist.
Hey. you see that family over there?
I want you to run over to them. all right?
You're gonna ask to use their cell phone.
Call this number. ask to speak
to faith Mitchell. She's my friend.
You tell her you need
to be picked up. okay?
Okay. What are you doing?
I'm gonna hang here and play a
little game with my friend James.
Go ahead. okay? Your
mom's gonna be worried.
Well. I'm gonna miss you.
Bye-bye.
I knew you'd come.
Because deep down...
You know I'm the father you deserve.
Maybe.
The problem is... I'm
running out of options.
Caleb. cliche though he may be.
is surprisingly good at his job.
You and your cowboy father
will never stop looking for me.
which leaves me with just one choice.
And what's that?
It's time to die.
You ready?
All right. Let's go.
It's good to see your family.
- Calvin. you okay?
- Yeah. he's okay.
We got to turn on the
police sirens. right. Calvin?
Come here. baby.
- What happened?
- Ulster took him from his day camp
and then. according to Calvin.
uncle will traded places with him.
Ulster has will?
Roussard.
They found the Malibu.
What?
They found two bodies. Is it will's?
It's not. is it?
It's his.
My god.
Will.